Node: This folder is a forked version of T100
Goals:
     Programaticaly modify the distances listed for routes so that direct 
     routes are preferred.
     Also groups together airports with known population allocation issues,
     as identified below. So when airports directly serve the same metro area,
     they are not considered distinct. This still contains issues with large
     cities that are close together, so Thresholding may still yield 
     improvements. 
     A difference list of routes that needed editing was produced, this was 
     originally thought to be due to a discrepancy in airport distance listing, 
     leading to particular direct flights being entirely omitted from the 
     network as there was a shorter router involving a connection airport. The
     previous modifications only took place on 247 of the 3,000 odd edges in
     the graph. This current modification indicates over 1,000 edges need to be
     edited. This does not seem to be path deflection, but something more. This
     graph finds the shortest route first, but the direct flight is always the
     shortest path, and so there should be no edges that have no flights on 
     them. 









Downloaded from http://www.transtats.bts.gov/Fields.asp?Table_ID=258

Air Carriers: T-100 Domestic Market (US Carriers)


Filtering out service class that isn't F or L, as those are the 
passenger service designations.


Did not have ability to resolve served area. Settled for hand picking the 
populations surrounding the airports. Using the metropolitan areas for those 
available, and attempted to go down the list based on frequency and size population
travelling through.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Metropolitan_Statistical_Areas


Top 125 airports based on number of flights in 2015
####
Issues with LGA, JFK, EWA, HPN, ISP and population allocation

Issues with IAD, DCA and population allocation

Issues with MIA, FLL, PBI and population allocation 

Issues with OAK, SFO 

Issues with ORD, MDW

Issues with DAL, DFW

Issues with HOU, IAH 

Issues with LAX, SNA, BUR, ONT

Issues with MCO, SFB

Issues with PHX, AZA 

Issues with PIE, TPA

Issues with PWM, PDX

Issues with CAK, CLE
--- 32 airports up to here

Issues with ANI, BET  (ANI included in BET census)

Issues with UNK, OME  (Unalakleet included in Nome census area)


IFP used micropolitan statistical area, lots of casino charters
